What's wrong with your voice?
(Episode 7)
Did you cry?
No.
Why did you call? It's late.
You won, Hyun Soo.
Something really good happened to me,
and you were picked to celebrate with me.
Did Alain get back to you?
Yes.
Congratulations.
Do you want to meet right now?
No.
I'll come to your place. It'll be quick.
I told you, no.
You're being childish. Don't pester me.
I'm sorry.
Go to bed, then.
You thought I wouldn't come if you called me childish, didn't you?
Why did you cry?
You knew?
Yes. I've also cried like that before.
They say men are only allowed to cry three times in life.
First, when their parents pass away.
Anyone can cry if they're sad regardless of gender.
Why are you discriminating?
That's such an outdated thought.
I know. I know.
I already know because my dad cries easily.
I just wanted to be cranky.
Why?
I don't know.
Should I tell you what I did when I felt sad?
You need to stretch.
Otherwise you'll suffer from muscle pain.
You nag so much.
But you're listening to me.
I know.
Will you wait for me?
I thought of you...
as soon as I got an email from Alain Passard.
I wondered what I should do.
I'm into this song these days. You want to try listening to it?
Do you know Amy Winehouse?
I do.
She's a British singer-songwriter who died of a drug overdose at 27.
Right.
I think she was a genius.
Will you go out with me?
My scriptwriting teacher said this.
Drama begins...
between a man and a woman when they break up.
You see, the lyrics,
"We only said goodbye with words"...
Do you know what it means?
My English is not that good enough to translate it right away.
"We only said goodbye with words."
How could people say goodbye only with words?
All my previous relationships ended when I wanted them to end.
Love isn't special to me.
My parents...
love each other even after 30 years of marriage.
But there's nothing special about their feelings.
I shouldn't waste...
important time of my youth for petty love.
So love...
is petty for you.
Like you said, I cried today.
My dream has collided with reality again.
It was harder today than usual.
You're difficult to understand.
That's right.
But you aren't easy either.
I'm difficult in another way.
Sorry.
Don't be.
You gave me a clear answer...
to my request to wait for me.
I'll follow you after I park my car.
Thanks. You really don't have to do this.
Then I'll do another favor for you.
Give me your phone. I'll cancel it for you.
Let me make a call first.
(On Jung Sun)
Do you want to take it?
I won't pick it up.
The number you have dialed is not available at this moment.
Please leave a message after the beep.
Visit me on your break.
Okay.
Jung Sun, it's time to go.
I want to look around the duty-free stores.
I won't buy anything.
Okay.
- We'll go now. - Okay, I'll call you later.
(On Jung Sun)
The phone is turned off. Please leave a message after the beep.
(Temperature of Love)
Hello, sir.
Read through the books over there.
We need to decide whether to buy their publication rights.
Think carefully.
Yes, sir.
Please show Ms. Lee her desk.
Also, look through the ones we have the rights to,
and write synopses for them.
Okay.
Do you really think...
I would ask you take all these at once?
Then?
Go to your desk, and I'll ask someone to bring them to you.
I can carry them if you give me a paper bag or something.
I can carry them myself.
All right, then.
Okay.
Hyun Soo!
You didn't have to come. I know you are busy preparing for the contest.
I'm done writing because I changed it to a short one-act drama.
I already submitted it since it's due tomorrow.
Good for you.
Have this.
I bought it for you since you said you have no time to go outside.
Why do they give you so much work that you don't have time to eat?
- Stop. - Why do you stop me from talking?
I have freedom to form a publication protest association.
He's my boss.
She's my friend whom I met while I studied scriptwriting.
Hello.
You're a CEO, yet you're so young and handsome.
Hey.
I'll excuse myself.
Can you treat me to lunch?
My gosh, stop.
I have a previous engagement.
I'll see you next time if I have the chance.
Okay.
Hey, why did you do that?
I wanted to test what kind of guy he is...
because it seemed like he likes you.
I want you to meet a nice guy.
You're completely off track. He doesn't like me.
You should make him yours.
He's the type who doesn't care about anything else other than his goal.
If not, he would've fell for me when I started flirting with him.
I'm in no place to be interested in men right now.
I'm already struggling with trying make a proper living.
You and I are in different situations.
Thank you for this.
It's more of a preference issue rather than a personality thing.
They must prefer rare meat because it's juicy and tender.
They must also like the taste of raw meat.
("Man Who Eats Rare Steaks")
(Submit)
(You've successfully submitted your entry.)
Mission clear.
(On Jung Sun)
The number you have dialed does not exist.
Please check the number and dial it again.
That's weird.
Why doesn't his number exist?
What a workaholic.
(Park Jung Woo)
Did he hear me?
Yes, Mr. Park.
Why haven't you gone home yet?
I was just about to.
Bye.
Why is he being so polite all of a sudden?
I'm only doing this because I don't like being indebted to people.
You came over to my place a lot.
So I should come to your place at least once.
Who are you?
Is Jung Sun home?
If you're looking for the previous tenant,
you should ask the landlord.
[VIU Ver] E07 Temperature of Love "Love Isn't Special to Me"
-= Ruo Xi =-
We're moving out tomorrow. Why aren't you packing?
You must be happy that you got a job.
But I wonder how long your contract's going to last.
How can he do this to me?
How can he just disappear like this?
You must be crazy now.
Fine, just go crazy. That's the only way...
- you'll be able to survive. - I thought of you...
as soon as I got an email from Alain Passard.
Will you wait for me?
My gosh!
What's wrong with you?
All my previous relationships ended when I wanted them to end.
Love isn't special to me.
My gosh.
(December, 2012)
A normal story about normal people.
It's very touching since people can relate to their story.
It's not a story about falling in love at a company.
It's a realistic drama that portrays the ups and downs...
of office workers who work at a company.
You must buy the publication rights no matter what.
(Analysis on Competitiveness for "Cheese in the Trap")
I'm done reading this.
You wrote it well.
I'm still working on "Misaeng". I'll try to finish it quickly.
You don't need to work on that anymore.
Another company already bought the publication rights for that.
Oh, I see.
Stop working at the company until late.
You'll increase the cost of electric bills.
You're always here until late too.
I'm paying my money for what I use.
Okay, fine.
Do you want to eat?
No.
No, wait.
I'd love to eat.
Okay, let's go then.
I said, I'd love to eat.
And I'm saying we should go eat.
Don't try to play tricks on me.
Did you say that because I like forcing you to do the opposite?
Yes.
Option one. You're simply not hungry.
Option two. You don't want to eat with me.
Which one is it?
The first one.
Clean up, and go home.
I want to eat now.
I can be a bit fickle sometimes.
This looks good.
Thank you for the meal.
Does it not taste good?
No, it's delicious.
Why do I feel like...
you're not doing this to develop your menu,
but you're making soup for me since I told you I like it?
What's wrong?
Do you tend to make good guesses?
No.
You're wrong again.
Never mind.
I don't think I can eat this.
I change my mind really often. You can keep eating.
Jung Woo, I'm here.
I just finished shooting nearby.
I'm going to sleep here today.
Go get me a can of beer from the refrigerator.
I just came back from doing everything for the director.
Do you really have to do this to me?
Do you not want to?
No, I'd love to.
It's an honor to be able to take orders from you.
Let's see. A can of beer.
How sexy. You're attractive in a very dark way.
You're crazy.
I don't mind hearing you call me crazy.
Is Hyun Soo doing well?
Yes, of course.
She's nice, isn't she?
No.
She's incredible.
What do you mean?
I like her.
Does Hyun Soo know that?
She'll find out soon. I'm going to ask her out.
Jung Woo, if this is just a fling, just forget it.
She's a very serious person. She's not your type.
Do you think I ask women out...
just so I can have flings?
No.
You're a coldhearted businessman, so you're very careful.
I've had my eye on her for a while now.
I'm done observing her.
She's mine.
Hello?
Yes, I'm Lee Hyun Soo.
Did you say SBC?
You have been selected as the winner in the contest.
Is that right?
The award ceremony will be held in October 15.
I'll call you if there are any changes.
Thank you.
Hyun Soo, did you hear?
I heard they called the contest winners today.
I know.
What should we do?
Well, I'm all right, but what should you do?
I still have much time left to try out.
I got a call.
Did you?
So you were selected?
Yes.
Why are you telling me this now? I feel embarrassed.
You should've told me earlier.
I was going to, but I wasn't sure whether you were selected as well.
Congratulations.
You should treat me to a meal.
Where are you?
I'm on my way to see my boss.
You're so popular.
I'm at home now.
Call me when you finish early today.
Okay.
I'm not late. It's you who came here early.
What is it that you want to say...
that you called me in here?
I love skyscrapers.
Pardon?
I like to look down from high places.
My dad was a failed businessman.
He lost my mom first in return for his failure.
And he gained illness.
He was afraid my life would be like his.
He gave me all his fortunes to go to the States.
He thought a great world would make a great person.
I succeeded and earned a lot of money.
But my dad isn't here.
He passed away before he could witness my success.
Like General Yi Sun Sin,
he told others not to let me find out about his death.
I want to make a family.
Family is now a choice for me.
I think...
I'll be able to live happily with you.
What's wrong?
Was my story that sad?
You can empathize with others so well.
I won the contest.
I got a call earlier today.
Congratulations. Good job.
But...
I'm not pleased.
It's what I really wanted.
I've run towards this goal my entire life.
But I'm not happy.
I have a man I love.
But I realized it too late.
I realized what love is...
only after he disappeared from my sight.
He's my life's...
You...
Are you aware what you're doing to me right now?
He asked me to wait for him.
He called me.
But I couldn't take his call because I was with you.
It was his last call.
I should've taken it.
I should've.
Where must I go to see him now?
Am I truly the scriptwriter?
How could you do this?
I ignored your bad reputation out of my greed to debut.
I thought you wouldn't change my script, but I was wrong.
- Anyone? - Look around you.
Look.
Here.
I'm here.
(5 years later, 2017)
Who are you? You aren't our staff.
I'm your staff for today.
I met him again...
when I was making a scene of all times.
There wasn't a moment when I forgot about him.
I...
desperately wanted to see him again even if it was coincidence.
He's...
my first love who disappeared...
in the last bit of my youth.
I won't follow you, so don't run.
You're going to fall.
I know you easily fall down.
I heard the writer wouldn't show up in the shooting site.
Ms. Lee Hyun Soo,
who has a boyfriend and is now a writer, showed up unexpectedly.
- Hyun Soo. - Goodness.
We couldn't wait longer and came up. Did you really go see the filming?
Did you cause a scene?
No, that's not the problem.
Then what is?
Chef.
Why are you here? They're going to start shooting soon.
- I won't do it. - Pardon?
The writer didn't agree on this scene. I won't do it.
You can't do this.
The CEO will be mad.
(Episode 8 will air shortly.)